README.md, before:

End of an Era Construct 2 Plugin
================================

This is my first attempt at a quadtree based Construct 2 plugin. It doesn't *actually* contain anything related to Constrcut 2 yet, but once I'm comfortable enough with Javascript I'm going to transfer it over. 

What This Plugin Does
---------------------

This plugin is supposed to control the terrain for my game. It's supposed to work a bit like terraria or worms, except that it uses a quadtree to store data.

I'm going to list some intended features here:
- [x] I actually have a renderring quadtree, yay!
- [ ] The current JSON Web Storage format is too big and needs to be reduced. Try IndexedDB. 
- [ ] I need to add support for multiple 'root' nodes controlled by a single object. 
- [ ] I need to add a system that will allow for loading and unloading of roots so I can have an "infinite" map. 



I'm probably going to change this plugin into something more generic later. Either that or I'm just going to give up on Construct 2 entirely. We'll see...

Commit message:

Change the README. Again
This should be the last time for a while if I didn't screw anything up.

README.md, after:

End of an Era Construct 2 Plugin
================================

This is my first attempt at a quadtree based Construct 2 plugin. It doesn't *actually* contain anything related to Constrcut 2 yet, but once I'm comfortable enough with Javascript I'm going to transfer it over. 

What This Plugin Does
---------------------

This plugin is supposed to control the terrain for my game. It's supposed to work a bit like terraria or worms, except that it uses a quadtree to store data.

I'm going to list some intended features here:
1. I actually have a renderring quadtree, yay!
2. The current JSON Web Storage format is too big and needs to be reduced. Try IndexedDB. 
3. I need to add support for multiple 'root' nodes controlled by a single object. 
4. I need to add a system that will allow for loading and unloading of roots so I can have an "infinite" map.  

### Important Notes

I dont really intend for anyone to read this except me. This is me working on my first semi-significant programming project, It's kinda crap. However, if you you are passing by, happen to notice something that could be improved and you know the solution please let me know.  

*I have no idea what I'm doing.*  

I'm probably going to change this plugin into something more generic later. Either that or I'm just going to give up on Construct 2 entirely. We'll see...
